{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
JTS notes 4/22\
-Seems like an alignment issue between DEM_mask and the raw USGS_NED DEM\'92s.\
-Combining the 3 counties and the 2 NF\'92s seems like a sensible approach, in that you \'93start big\'94, but I\'92m wondering why not Shasta as well, since it\'92s ecologically similar.\
-I got my DEM from LANDFIRE, and focused it on the sample area. We probably need to have a conversation as a group about geographic scope.\
\
AB notes 4/23/20\
-Pulled latest files from GitHub and worked from those updates\
-Addressed the directory issues found in my code. I had issues uploading the large files to Github and lost track of what/where I uploaded. Really\'85.really\'85.sorry.\
-Removed the large files that we are no longer using. This includes the DEM files from USGS. I worked from the raster that JTS provided in the \'93large_files/Aligned\'94 folder and used that as the extent to crop our FIA data. So I removed the CA counties and USFS administrative boundaries shapefiles from \'93large_files\'94 and removed them from the script.\
-Changed the analysis to include conifers only. Removed hardwoods from dataset, deleted script for hardwoods, and removed figures that included hardwoods.\
-Updated all figures with new FIA plots based on JTS raster and added a legend (post-R) to distinguish ownership.\
-Finally got GitHub to push my updates! So, I think we should be on the same flow now\'85. I hope.\
\
JTS notes 4/24\
-Updated the GIS directory (and sent to Lex\'92s google drive).\
-Got rid of \'93Aligned2\'94, that was redundant\
-Did the spatial climate extractions on FIA data (that is now in Data/Derived/Lassen_FIA extractions\
-Started a manuscript draft in Manuscript/ folder\
\
To-do\
1-Run the regression analyses, first with TPA. JTS started this, predictive power isn\'92t great. Considered both glmulti approach (as was done in Stephens et al 2018) and the random forest approach (which wasn\'92t done before). Didn\'92t get too far with random forests. We need to decide if our goal is to improve predictive capacity (which could include quadratic terms, interactions, etc, basically more variables) or to have a more tractable model that just does \'91ok\'92.  \
\
2-Once a reasonable model has been decided on, see how well the \'93best model\'94 explains the FIA data (it won\'92t explain it well). For Stephens et al 2018 we just applied the same regression tree splits as in the historical model, to the environment of the contemporary FIA plots (using the FIA dataframe with spatial extractions).\
\
3-Repeat steps 1 and 2 for basal area and pine fraction\
\
4-Make some cool maps, as in the TPH predicted map that already exists in the repository. This is the most fun part but should be the final step.}